welcome to one is fun this time on meat
I was reading an article in the paper
the other day by John Mortimer and he
was saying that he thought that nouvelle
cuisine that's so fashionable at the
moment was the curse of the time we live
in well I'm inclined to agree with him
and it is nice now and again to get back
to a good old-fashioned recipe and
that's what we're doing today because
our first recipe is toad-in-the-hole
only this time it's for one person now I
started off in my frying pan here with
I've got five chipolatas good quality
ones and I've got a small onion and
they've just been softening together for
about ten minutes just to get slightly
Brown the next thing you have to do is
preheat the grill to really hot blasting
hot and then make the batter ready to go
in with the chipolatas so we'll make the
batter now in the bowl here I've got one
ounce of sifted plain flour to that I'm
going to add a bit of seasoning some
salt and some pepper and to give a bit
of extra flavor it gets nice in a batter
to put some mixed herb so 1/2 a teaspoon
of mixed herbs and then an egg and I'm
going to just whip that up together for
a second
if you prefer you can make the batter in
the liquidiser we can even make it with
a fork if you don't mind working hard
but I like to use my electric hand whisk
here being a bit on the lazy side once
you've incorporated the egg into the
flour the next thing you need to add is
2 tablespoons of milk it's not I have to
confess an authentic Yorkshire pudding
batter this because it's impossible to
make an authentic one for one but it's
pretty near and it's very nice and very
special
now when you're making a batter you get
little lumps around the side of the bowl
so just to finish it off go round with a
spatula like that get rid of the lumps
and give it one more good mix
and there we have it take it now to the
sausages and onions and just pour it in
all around them as evenly as you can
getting in between them and all around
the edges and make sure as I've got here
that you have the pan really hot before
you put the batter in it's very
important that now you'll think at this
stage that it all looks a bit of a
disaster it doesn't look very nice at
all but it's going to be okay once it
gets under the grill so we'll put it
under the grill now just get my oven
glove got a rather smart special meat
program oven glove here that somebody
bought me right straight under the grill
and leave it there for about ten minutes
and now we have toad in a hole for one
have a hot plate ready to turn it out on
and then using a fish slice and a
spatula I've got here and got two
together just lift it up straight out
and then we are delicious toad in the
hole for one